So with one here, one expression, you can also check a value for being in or not in a range.
OK.
So what that means is, for instance, to say 100 here, right?
I can change this to say something like this in this.
That's a key word there in between one and, let's say, 100.
I want to print something like this amount is between one and 100, something like that.
OK.
So if I change this to 99, the amount, because remember, this is what governs the entire expression
here.
Let's go ahead and run.
Can see this amount is between one and a hundred and we can do the opposite, which is to check if something
is not in range.
So what do we do?
We say exclamation point, which means not right in range between 10 90, something like this.
This amount is outside the range.
Saron.
OK, so this is running because it's cocked here.
But if I put the zero, let's go and run.
This amount is outside arranged anything that is outside the range of between 10 and 90.
It's going to go in line this statement here.
Oops.
I made a mistake here and there.
OK.
So there are a lot of things you can do with one expression, and you see it's really simple to set
up.
You can put as many cases as you need here.
OK, so go ahead and play with this concept.
It's pretty fun, and I'll see you next.